fix: scripts for android and related doc (#708)
paritytech/parity-signer: docs/wiki/Building-And-Publishing.md

##### Build production version

> 1. Switch to the `master` branch and run `yarn install:ios`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Switch to the `master` branch and build the dependencies with `yarn install:ios`
```

> 1. Switch to the `master` branch and build the dependencies with `yarn install:ios`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Switch to the `master` branch and install the dependencies with `yarn install:ios`
```
